Docs(repo): Generalization of the deprecations lists (#1858)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: DEPRECATIONS.md

> <!--lint disable no-file-name-mixed-case -- mixed case in the file name for version -->

Reviewer: does this still apply?

Author: No, removed.

# Deprecations

> Introducing lists containing deprecations and feature flags to be removed in the nex major version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introducing lists containing deprecations and feature flags to be removed in the next major version.
```

Author: Fixed

> 💁 Please follow these steps to safely upgrade your Design System to Spirit Design System to the next major version.

Reviewer: I would remove this sentence; there are no steps in this file.

Author: Removed.

## @lmc-eu/spirit-web

- [Deprecations][web-deprecations]

## @lmc-eu/spirit-web-react

- [Deprecations][web-react-deprecations]

## @lmc-eu/spirit-web-twig v2

- [Deprecations][web-twig-deprecations]

---

> Please refer back to this list or reach out to our team if you encounter any issues during migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer back to each linked list or reach out to our team if you encounter any issues during migration.
```

Author: Deprecated. Removed.
